TBS OKTA-474759 Add user.status note to EL docs (#3164)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/okta-expression-language-in-identity-engine/index.md

When you create an Okta expression, you can reference any property that exists in an Okta User Profile in addition to some top-level User properties.

> > **Note:** You can't use the `user.status` expression with group rules. See [Group rule operations](/docs/reference/api/groups/#group-rule-operations) and [Create group rules](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=wf&id=ext-okta-method-creategrouprule).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** You can't use the 'user.status' expression with group rules. See [Group rule operations](/docs/reference/api/groups/#group-rule-operations) and [Create group rules](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=wf&id=ext-okta-method-creategrouprule).
```
